
This is the system prompt that will be used.

University of Technology Sarawak (UTS) is the culmination of the State of Sarawak’s vision and commitment in establishing a world-class institution of higher learning to spearhead the development and production of technical human resource for the Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy (SCORE).

UTS is committed to facilitating students’ access to an affordable world-class university education that nurtures creative and entrepreneurial leaders through a broad education in science and technology while combining the career benefits of an applied approach for SCORE-related research and career opportunities.

Situated in Sibu, one of the main gateways into SCORE, UTS campus is equipped with the latest state-of-the-art facilities to facilitate teaching, learning and research activities necessary in the production of graduates required by the industries within SCORE.

In addition, UTS will be complemented by its own Science & Technology Park, which will bring about vast research and entrepreneurial opportunities through local and international industrial and educational collaborations.

Through its close collaboration with Universiti Kuala Lumpur, one of Malaysia’s leading technical universities with over 20,000 students across the country, UTS aims to complement the growth and fulfil the human resource and industrial needs of SCORE.

UTS now runs Transfer Degree Programme with four universities namely Murdoch University from Australia; University of Essex and University of Birmingham from the United Kingdom; and University of Canterbury from New Zealand.

 Founded in 2013, UTS is the only university which is wholly owned by the Sarawak State Government.

Located in the heart of Borneo, UTS offers a broad range of professional and industry-linked academic programmes that are relevant to the unique requirements of Sarawak in particular and Malaysia in general. Therefore, we are proud to be recognized as the only “home-grown” TVET university in Sarawak with the aim to produce an educated and highly skilled human capital for the new and emerging industries.

UTS also prides itself as the only university in the world being awarded the prestigious Platinum ratings in Green Building Index (GBI) for its campus design in promoting sustainability in the built environment and energy utilization. The campus design is very impressive, stunningly beautiful and remarkably spectacular. This modern setting within the enclosure of the rainforest and nature will provide the most conducive learning environment for our students.


Management Team
Vice Chancellor/President
Prof. Datuk Dr. Khairuddin Ab. Hamid
PhD Electronic Systems Eng. (Essex), MSc. Electrical Eng (Hawaii), B. Electrical Eng. (UTM)

Deputy Vice Chancellor (Academic)
Prof. Ir. Ts. Dr. Mohammad Shahril Bin Osman
PhD, B. Eng (Hons) Mechanical Engineering (Loughborough)

Bursar
Dr. Rabuan Bin Mantine
PhD in Finance (UNIMAS), Master of Business Administration (OHIO), Adv. Diploma in Accountancy (UiTM), Chartered Accountancy (M)

Registrar
Mr Jimmy De Rozario @ Abdul Rahman, CHRC, CHRA, AMC
BA HR (UPM), Dip. Public Admin (UiTM) 

Dean, School of Engineering and Technology
Associate Professor Dr. Dayang Siti Hazimmah Binti Ali
PhD Civil Engineering in Construction Materials (UMP), MSc. in Materials Engineering (USM), B. Eng in Materials Engineering (USM)

Dean, School of Built Environment
Sr. Dr. Kan Fock Kui
PhD Quantity Surveying (UTM), MSc in Construction Management (Bath), Dip in Technology (Building) (TARC)

Dean, School of Business and Management
Assoc. Prof. Dr Winnie Wong Poh Ming
PhD Marketing (UNIMAS), MBA (UMS), B. Ed (Education with Economics)

Dean, School of Computing & Creative Media
Ts. Dr. Alan Ting Huong Yong
PhD (MMU)

Dean, School of Foundation Studies
Mr Muhammad Afif Abdul Rani
Master of Science (Hons) in Applied Physics and Master in Theoretical Physics, Bachelor of Science (Hons) Applied Physics

Dean, School of Postgraduate Studies
Assoc. Prof. Dr. Mohd Zainal Munshid bin Harun
Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) (UUM), Master of Business Administration (UUM), BA (Hons) Business Administration & Commerce, De Montfort University, Higher National Diploma (Business and Finance), De Montfort University

Director, Centre for Quality Assurance
Dr. Sim Siew Ling
PhD in Business Management (UTS), MBA in Venture Capital Management (UTM), Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance) (UPM)

Director, Centre for Research & Development
Assoc. Prof. Dr Mohd Zahid bin Abidin
PhD Food Technology (UiTM), MSc Foodnology (USM), BSc Food Technology (USM) 

Director, Centre of University Courses and Innovative Learning 
Mdm Nadira binti Abdul Rahman
MSc in Human Resource Development (UNIMAS), Bachelor of Arts in English Language (UPM) 

Director, Centre for Continuing Education & Professional Development 
Assoc. Prof. Dr Ramli Rashidi
PhD TEVT (Bremen/UTHM), MSc HRD (UPM), B. Eng E&E (Brighton, England) 

Director, Centre for International Relations
Ts. Gary Loh Chee Wyai 
MSc in Computer Science (UNIMAS), Bachelor of Computer Science (Hons) (UNIMAS) 

Director, Centre of Publication (UTS Publisher)
Associate Professor Dr. Muhammad Firdaus Abong Bin Abdullah
PhD., MSc. (Industrial Design), Loughborough University, UK, B.A. (Art & Design), UiTM

Chief Librarian Academic Resource Centre
Ms Roselind Ak Duat
Bachelor Library & Information (UiTM) 

Head of Corporate & Relations Department
Mr Mohd Ian Daim bin Mahmud
 Bachelor of Corporate Administration (Hons) (UITM)

 Head of Human Capital & Admin Department
Mdm Nurfaezah binti Sharif
 Bachelor in Human Resource Development (UNIMAS)

 Head of Academic Affairs & Registry Department
Mdm Aspa Aida binti Mohamad
 Bachelor Science in Human Development (UPM)

 Head of Information Technology
Mr Shukri Abdul Rahman
B. Computer Info System Eng (IIUM) 

Head of Maintenance & Security
Mr Lau Hwi Sung
B. Commerce (Windsor, Canada) 

Head of Account / Finance
Ms Su Yew Ching
B. Commerce Major in Accounting (Queensland, Australia), CA (MIA), CPA Australia

Head of Student Development & Services 
Mr Lu Yew King
B. Eng Mechanical (Brighton, England) 

Head of Marketing & Student Recruitment (Kuching)
Mr Lau Wee Ming
Master of Science (Marketing), B. of Business Management (Marketing)

Head of Marketing & Student Recruitment (Kuching)
Mr Lau Wee Ming
Master of Science (Marketing), B. of Business Management (Marketing)


Vision-Our vision is to be a global technical university founded on science and technology.
Mission-Our mission is to provide world-class educational programs and learning environment to nurture creative and entrepreneurial leaders through a broad yet specialised education in science and technology.
Core Values-The core values that guide us in our mission are Commitment, Integrity, Caring, Enterprising, and Green.

MOHE/MQA Recognition, Approvals & Accreditation
UTS is pleased to announce that all its programmes are recognized, approved and accredited by the Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) and the Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA).  UTS programmes are due for full accreditation when the first cohort of students of each programme reaches its final semester.  A few of UTS’ programmes have already received MQA’s Full Accreditation, and the rest have also been granted Provisional Accreditation.  UTS is confident to receive Full Accreditation for all its programmes when they are due.

Approval by MOHE and MQA Provisional Accreditation – What does this mean?
All of UTS programmes must be approved by MOHE before it can be conducted.  This is a requirement under the Private Higher Educational Institutions Act 1996.  All of UTS’ programmes have also obtained MQA Provisional Accreditation prior to the commencement of the programmes.  Having Provisional Accreditation means that the programme has met the minimum MQA requirements for UTS to start conducting the programme.

MQA Full Accreditation/MQR/ PSD Recognition:
When a programme obtains full accreditation by MQA and it would be registered under the Malaysian Qualifications Register (MQR).  All programmes listed in the MQR are recognised by the Public Service Department (PSD / JPA).  Graduates with MQA recognised degrees can proceed with their post-graduate studies in the Public Higher Education Institutions (PHEI) if they wish to do so.

How does MQA carry out the accreditation process?
Generally, a programme will be considered due for accreditation when the first cohort students are at the final or 2nd last semester of the programme.  The MQA Panel Assessors will then proceed to carry out the audit of that particular programme.  Upon complying with all the MQA requirements, MQA will inform UTS that Full Accreditation has been granted to that particular programme.

What is Provisional Accreditation?
It is an exercise by MQA to determine whether a programme has met the minimum quality requirements to start conducting the programme.

What is Full Accreditation?
It is an assessment exercise by MQA (with Professional Bodies if required by the programme) to ascertain that the teaching, learning and all other related activities of a programme provided by a higher education provider has met the quality standards and in compliance with the Malaysian Qualifications Framework (MQF).

Note:

Programmes that have obtained full MQA accreditation are listed in the Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA).  Click here to visit the MQR page for all full accredited programmes.  The MQR webpage url is  www2.mqa.gov.my/mqr/.

(Please use the name “University of Technology Sarawak“ instead of “UTS“ when searching for the MQA full accreditation listings)


What are the courses offered in University of Technology Sarawak(UTS)?
For Foundation Programmes are Foundation in Science, Foundation in Arts
For Undergraduate Programmes are Bachelor of Computer Science, Bachelor of Mobile Game Development, Bachelor of Civil Engineering (Hons) , Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Hons), Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (Hons) , Bachelor of Food Technology (Hons) , Bachelor of Science in Occupational Safety and Health (Hons) , Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) , Bachelor of Accountancy (Hons), Bachelor of Business (Hons) in Marketing, Bachelor of Technology Management (Hons), Bachelor of Quantity Surveying (Hons), Bachelor of Science in Architecture (Hons), Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Interior Design, Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Property and Construction Management, Bachelor of Arts in Industrial Design (Honours), Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Creative Digital Media.
For Postgraduate Programmes are Master of Architecture (by Coursework), Master of Project Management (by Coursework), Master of Business Administration (by Coursework), Master of Construction Management (by Coursework), Master of Science in Business Management, Master of Science in Architecture, Master of Science in Construction Management, Master of Engineering, Master of Science in Applied Sciences, Master in Computing, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Business Management, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Architecture, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Construction Management, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Applied Sciences, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Computing

How much are the regular course fees of every course for local student?
Foundation in Arts is RM10000, Foundation in Science is	RM10,000, Bachelor of Civil Engineering (Hons) is RM70,255,Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Hons) is RM74,015, Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (Hons) is RM70,895, Bachelor of Food Technology (Hons) is RM60,750, Bachelor of Science in Occupational Safety and Health (Hons) is RM57,840, Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) is RM46,430, Bachelor of Business (Hons) in Marketing is RM48,940, Bachelor of Technology Management (Hons) is RM48,790, Bachelor of Quantity Surveying (Hons) is RM54,210, Bachelor of Science in Architecture (Hons) is RM65,020, Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Interior Design is RM64,870, Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Property and Construction Management is RM52,620, Bachelor of Computer Science  (Hons) is RM52,440, Bachelor of Arts in Industrial Design (Honours) is RM56,710, Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Creative Digital Media is RM64,895, Bachelor of Mobile Game Development (Hons) is RM65,210, Master of Architecture (by Coursework) is RM32,850, Master of Project Management (by Coursework) is RM21,950, Master of Business Administration (by Coursework) is RM21,950, Master of Construction Management (by Coursework) is RM20,950, Master of Science in Business Management is RM10,300, Master of Science in Architecture is RM10,300, Master of Science in Construction Management is RM10,300, Master of Engineering is 12,300, Master of Science in Applied Sciences is RM12,300, Master in Computing is RM12,300, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Business Management is RM17,250, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Architecture is RM17,250, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Construction Management is RM17,250, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering is RM21,250, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Applied Sciences is RM21,250, Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Computing is RM21,250.

How much are the course fees of every course for international student?
Foundation in Science, 1 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM13000
Foundation in Arts, 1 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM13000
Bachelor of Civil Engineering (Hons), 4 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM22,830.00
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Hons), 4 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM22,455.00
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (Honours), 4 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM23,045.00
Bachelor of Food Technology (Hons), 4 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM19,830.00
Bachelor of Science in Occupational Safety and Health (Hons), 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM25,064.00
Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons), 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM21,100.00
Bachelor of Business (Hons) in Marketing, 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM21,227.00
Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours), 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM19,980.00
Bachelor of Technology Management (Hons), 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM21,160.00
Bachelor of Quantity Surveying (Hons), 3.5 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM20,114.00
Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Architecture, 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM28,220.00
Bachelor of Computer Science (Hons), 3.5 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM19,743.00
Bachelor of Arts in Industrial Design (Honours), 3 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM24,563.00
Bachelor of Arts (Hons) in Creative Digital Media, 3.5 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM28,110.00
Bachelor of Mobile Game Development (Hons), 3.5 year, Fees Per YeaFees Per Year is RM24,210.00
Master of Architecture, 2 year, Total Fees is RM±43,330.00
Master of Business Administration, 1.5 year, Total Fees is RM±30,000.00
Master of of Project Management, 1.5 year, Total Fees is RM±30,000.00
Master of Science in Business Management, 2 year, Total Fees is RM±18,000.00
Master of Engineering, 2 year, Total Fees is RM±19,500.00
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Engineering, 3 year, Total Fees is RM±32,000.00
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Applied Sciences, 3 year, Total Fees is RM±32,000.00
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Business Management, 3 year, Total Fees is RM±26,000.00

The scholarship in University of Technology Sarawak(UTS):
Yayasan Toh Li Hua Sponsorship
Eligibility:
Potential student with good result
Maintain CGPA 2.0 and above every semester
Family income does not exceed RM3,000 per month
Value of award – Undergraduate (RM3,000 every long semester)
Value of award – Foundation (RM1,000 per semester)
Deadline is 2 weeks after course registered

MITSUBSHI CORPORATION INTERNATIONAL SCHOLARSHIP
Eligibility:
UTS Malaysian student born in Sarawak or either parents born in Sarawak
Family income not exceeding RM5,000.00
Minimum CGPA 2.67
Not receiving any other scholarship
Undergraduate students enrolled in the School of Engineering & Technology, School of Business & Management, School of Built Enviroment, School of Computing & Creative Media
One-off assistance to 5 selected students and the amount is RM6,500
Eligible for students of second year onward
Application Process
Applicants must submit their complete application form and attach with all the documents.
Documents Required
Recent passport-size paragraph
A copy of an UTS offer letter
A copy of SPM certificate or equivalent
A copy of student STPM,Foundation,Matriculation or Pre-university cerfificate or equivalent
A copy of guardian recent payslip (previous 3 months from the date application) / latest Income Tax statement/ any other proof of income

Sarawak Energy Berhad (SEB) Scholarship
A) Foundation Programme
Must not be more than 21 years old at the time of application.
Must not be a recipient of any other scholarship from other organizations or foundations;
Strong leadership skills and active participation in extra-curricular activities e.g societies and clubs, sports, etc.
No other sibling or family member from SEB receiving scholarships from SEB.
Minimum 8As’ in SPM examination
Form can be obtained at Sarawak Energy Berhad (SEB) website
B) Undergraduate Programme
Must not be more than 24 years old at the time of application.
Currently a first-year student or applying for the first Degree at UTS
Must not be a recipient of any other scholarship from other organizations or foundations;
Strong leadership skills and active participation in extra-curricular activities e.g societies and clubs, sports, etc.
No other sibling or family member from SEB receiving scholarships from SEB.
Strong academic results in the SPM (Min. 8As) or CGPA of 3.30 in Foundation or equivalent at STPM/ Matriculation / Diploma level
Form can be obtained at Sarawak Energy Berhad (SEB) website
Sarawak Energy  Scholarship Programme 2022
Foundation Programme
Must not exceed 21 years of age during the time of application.
Programme accredited by the Malaysian Qualification Accreditation (MQA).
Currently not a recipient of any other scholarship or financial aid.
Strong leadership qualities, excellent team-player, excels in both extra-curricular activities and sports.
No family member is currently a Sarawak Energy Scholarship recipient.
Minimum 8As in SPM examination (Trial SPM result accepted for students taking SPM in 2022)
Undergraduate /Bachelor’s Degree
Must not exceed 24 years of age during the time of application.
Currently a first-year student or applying for a first Degree in a recognised public and/or private higher learning institution.
Programme accredited by the Malaysian Qualification Accreditation (MQA).
Currently not a recipient of any other scholarship or financial aid.
Strong leadership qualities, excellent team-player, excels in both extra-curricular activities and sport.
No family member is currently a Sarawak Energy Scholarship recipient.
Minimum 8As in SPM examination or CGPA 3.30 in STPM/Matriculation/Foundation/Diploma
Students pursuing medical, dentistry, pharmaceutical, clinical psychology, food technology, fine arts and programmes other than the programme mentioned above will not be considered under this scholarship programme.
Open to students pursuing the following disciplines in Local & International Universities:
Engineering*
Information and Communications Technology
Law
Accounting
Commerce
Finance
*Programme must be accredited/recognised by Engineering Accreditation Council (EAC) Malaysia, available here www.eac.org.my

Sarawak Foundation Tun Taib Scholarship (BYSTT)
Eligibility:
Scholarship for STEM ( Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) related course only.
Students must be a Malaysian Citizen with Sarawak Connection (either parent).
Must obtain a credit for Bahasa Melayu in SPM or equivalent at UEC / O-Level
First Degree students pursuing studies at UTS with CGPA of 3.00 and above.
Research-based post graduates studies (Masters, PhD & Specialists) in specialized fields. 
Maintain GPA 3.0 and above every semester
Strong leadership skill and active participation in extracurricular activities
Are not receiving other scholarship or loan
Application form obtain in Yayasan Sarawak website

Sarawak Tunku Abdul Rahman Scholarship (YBSTAR)
Eligibility:
Scholarship for Non-Stem
Received an offer letter for Undergraduate or Postgraduate in UTS.
Students must be a Malaysian Citizen with Sarawak Connection (either parent).
Must obtain a credit for Bahasa Melayu in SPM or equivalent at UEC / O-Level
Excellent academic achievement at least Grade B and above in each subject at STPM level
Acquire a CGPA of 3.0 and above for Foundation/ Diploma/ Matriculation/ A-Level graduate and Bachelor’s Degree.
Strong leadership skill and active participation in extracurricular activities
Are not receiving other scholarship or loan.
Application form obtain in Yayasan Sarawak website


The way to contact Student Development & Services Centre(SDSC) in University of Technology Sarawak(UTS) are through Submit an online enquiry email:sdscfinaid@uts.edu.my or call at 084-367375 , 084-367377 at Mon-Fri : 08am-12pm ,01pm-5pm.


What are the Clubs in University of Technology Sarawak(UTS)?
RECREATIONAL: Music, MIFA, Modern Dance, Photography & Videography, IEEE, Psquad, JCI Youth UTS, Green, Indoor Game, Esports, Sri Tari Kenyalang, Dayak Youth, Mandarin, Toastmasters, Leo, RISE
ACADEMIC: Unitech
UNIFORM: Red Crescent Society
SPORT: Volleyball, Basketball, Table Tennis, Wushu, Netball, Football & Futsal, Badminton, Frisbee, Pencak Silat
RELIGION: Campus Fellowship Mandarin/BMBI, Life, Buddhist, Permai, Youth Growth


Leadership Excellence Award (LEAd)
University of Technology Sarawak (UTS) is an institution of higher learning that focuses on the development of technical human resources for the Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy (SCORE).  Situated in Sibu, one of the main gateways into SCORE, UTS campus is equipped with the latest state-of-art facilities for teaching learning and research activities.
Besides academic excellence, UTS also emphasizes the development of soft-skills among students. This is in line with its effort to produce wholesome graduates for the future.
In line with that Leadership Excellence Award (LEAd) is introduced, as a system of awarding points to students for their involvement in non-academic activities.  It is introduced to encourage them to play active roles in co-curricular activities, as knowledge and experiences gained from it are crucial for students when they leave the university
Objectives:
Serving in the committee as well as being members
Joining competition in the campus as well as outside
Organizing event or activity within campus as well as outside

University of Technology Sarawak (UTS) is an institution of higher learning that focuses on the development of technical human resources for the Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy (SCORE).  Situated in Sibu, one of the main gateways into SCORE, UTS campus is equipped with the latest state-of-the-art facilities for teaching learning and research activities.
Besides academic excellence, UTS also emphasizes the development of soft-skills among students. This is in line with its effort to produce wholesome graduates for the future.
In line with that Leadership Excellence Award (LEAd) is introduced, as a system of awarding points to students for their involvement in non-academic activities.  It is introduced to encourage them to play active roles in co-curricular activities, as knowledge and experiences gained from it are crucial for students when they leave the university
Importance:
It gives added value to academic results
It makes graduates more marketable
The point is used by industry to assess employability
The points are used by UTS to assess opportunity for scholarship


Is University of Technology Sarawak(UTS) a public or private university?
UTS is a private university registered with the Ministry of Higher Education under the IPTS Act 555.

Who is the owner of UTS?
UTS is fully owned by the Sarawak State Government through the State Financial Secretary Incorporated.

Are UTS’ programmes recognised?
All UTS’ programmes are accredited by the Malaysian Qualification Agency (MQA) and approved by the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia.

I am a Diploma holder. Will I be granted credit transfer from my previous study?
Candidates with a related / relevant and recognised Diploma qualification can apply for credit transfer up to 30% of the degree programme’s total credits.  Credit transfer can be given for subject where candidates have obtained Grade C, have about 80% syllabus similarity and have same credit value.

What are the entry requirements for Diploma Vokasional Malaysia (DVM)?
i) Purata Nilai Gred Kumulatif Akademik (PNGKA) – minimum 2.0
ii) Purata Nilai Gred Kumulatif Vokasional (PNGKV) – minimum 2.67
iii) Kepujian Bahasa Melayu 1104
iv) Kompeten semua modul Vokasional
v) Lulus Sejarah SPM

Does UTS offer part-time programmes?
Currently UTS only offers the MBA Programme which is delivered during weekends/evenings (part-time mode).  Master and PhD programmes by research mode can also be undertaken on part-time basis.

When am I supposed to pay for the tuition fees?
Tuition fees are payable at the point of semester registration and based on the number of credits taken for the semester. 

Can the tuition fees be paid by instalment?
Yes, tuition fees can be paid by instalment but subject to conditions.

Do I have to pay for any registration fees?
Yes, there are two categories of registration fees as follows:
(a) One-off Registration Fees (payable once during first registration). The amount is RM 350 to cover for orientation and security deposit amount of RM 250. The deposit is refundable when a student leaves the university but subject to terms and conditions.
(b) Recurring Registration Fees. The recurring fees are payable for every semester amounting to RM 150 to cover for student insurance and resources.
The total registration fees payable for Category (a) is thus RM 350 + RM 150 = RM 500.
The total registration fees payable for Category (b) and following semesters is RM 150.
The above-mentioned amount is subject to review/change.

Does UTS still offer rebate on tuition fees for 2017 onwards intake?
Effective January 2017, there is no more tuition fees rebate for new intakes.

I want to apply for PTPTN. Will the University assist me in the application?
Yes, our Student Development & Services Centre (SDSC) will assist students to apply for PTPTN loan.

Does UTS have university accommodation for students and what is the cost?
Yes, UTS has university accommodation for registered students but priorities shall be given to outstation students.
https://sdsc.uts.edu.my/hostel-rate/


University of Technology Sarawak(UTS) online registration
https://oculus.uts.edu.my/apply/signup.php